what is your favorite character in
the paths of the aude yesterday at 2 months and 6
years ago that it is clear
bring together the Nintendo and Knights of the
zodiac it started from a good feeling
but finally it's a bit like being
whipped cream on shit it will be
very presentable but I advise you
not to eat it
ok it's that thing that determines
your zodiac sign maybe it's okay
to be useful in the genre game we
know the golden knight who goes with
you and not at all seniors after
because he had no face no but
serious but I wanted to play
knight of the zodiac and face what the
whores must do what camp
bad guys that looks like heaps of mud
people come you assault me ​​was cage
what is this serious city of
whores forced to do shenanigans
example at the coliseum it was impossible
to chain all the fights without losing
so between each fighter it takes
go to the hosto to recover from
the energy at the sto that is not in the
menu of regions and so you have to there
go on foot what becomes extremely
shocking because to go faster there
must have blackberry those who drain
our cosmos we can exchange points
of life against cosmos points
so just before getting treatment
knowing that I recover my points
of energy I convert the remains into
Cosmos tip
do not try to go to zero otherwise
must spend the rest of the time navigating
in the select menu and we are entitled to
every time to pau fc yanev
Moreover fuck it gave me fucking
besson or the black knight the ecrennes
cream strike also strike
I hope all the game is not like
oh my god but all the game like that
said look what I just found
it is heartbreaking could not have discovered
something else knew this strange
feeling that something is going to happen
horrible thing like seeing the
box but if you know it this
feeling you 're going to play a real
horror saas platform game fell
in the void and die in places
improbable winger fucking wetter you
were right this game is like a species
of cruel punishment you will inflict
dogs the cooks and the women
cleaning and it's killing me
probably the worst hotel that exists
in the world and in addition you see there but it
which I want to talk about
this game was me focused and of
frustration and action is consistent
totally impossible to achieve
the avoid killer cooks I come to
the welcome to hear him say that he
had already given the letter to the captain
you could not say it before fucking
of alcoholic people the dead she
give a new
yeah finally since you went ahead had
like a big smile it does not look like
really to piss off say that a dog
all face man I want to believe a little
but the ab mark but why is this
that you like burke rap by a bell
how a pouch that weighs 10 kg can
kill a 25 year old man a kid who is going
indicate the way ask me to follow
he goes back there so much better it's less
far from the year but where is he going
left for talent
god will make he was really under crack
kelly we know this game
this game is a fucking festival how
can a kid of 10 years old
succeed in finishing this game while me
even I can not believe why these
morons this is one of my friends my band
are always at the beginning
why is there a chasm in
a plane why is this game so hollow
watch I have to use the wind for
to jump further and when I get to the
end says nothing, no way to go anymore
far
the ice ax walks my balls and I
more than to commit suicide a sad good
end after avour climb the himalaya
take the rope from the banks
for playing this crappy game
today I'm going to test a game whose
the universe has no secrets for anyone
ie the this battle
Well, what does that mean to you
yoga which cherokee are fighting in
the apocalytic tokyo of the future and
welcome to alyssa michael and arzak who
are fighting in montelimar exit hulk
hogan and hello hull
so our good old keynes apple arzacq
and by way of jacket we hit ourselves ben
affleck that strikes a crs armed with a
euro pin teaser rubber the
sounds are a little weird I do not know
but good when she raises her paw game
it's twisted mind but look at that
but it's ridiculous how they
be injected from the screen I mean
of the Japanese version was very much
more fun anyway I want to
remove the violent side but here we will say
asterix
after
game consists of four chapters
divided into three kinds of level the
levels boring very boring level and the
deadly levels actually you have
so much the impression of doing and
redo and redo and again redo the
same level in a loop as at the end of a
moment you really feel
to live a day without end but in real
it is true
t
the trick
I am tired
t
troubles of this game will lead you to
suicide doors you will not say anymore I
I'm pissed off but I 'll tell you
tired drummer and we pass from the soldier who
fled from asthmatic chickens to bosses
which are almost unbeatable that's it
it's finally the last boss
I'm dying as he wants but this
a kitchen knife total cost to
eat